Peter Andrew Rose --- parose@calpoly.edu --- 6-7-2016 --- github.com/parose

Project at https://github.com/parose/aLook

aLook 
   Command line utility that prints out all lines of a file beginning
   with a given string. Based on the standard Unix command line program look.

COMPILATION
   Included with aLook is a makefile that is used to build the 
   program. Running make compiles the program using gcc and the
   -Wall, -Werror, and -O3 flags. The name of the built 
   executable is aLook. Running "make clean" removes this executable.

USAGE
   General usage of aLook is of the form:
      aLook [-df] [-t termchar] string [file]
   
   aLook uses a binary search to find lines in |file| that begin with |string|.
   All files being searched with aLook are required to have been sorted using
   the command line program sort, with sort haivng been passed the same 
   flags -d and -f that aLook recieves.

   aLook specifies three command line flags. The functions of these flags are
   as follows:
      
      -d : aLook only compares alphanumeric characters in the search string
           and file. 
            
           EXAMPLE: running "aLook -d dog" returns lines in the file starting
                    with words like "dogged" and "dog-eared", but also words
                    such as "do-gooders"

      -f : aLook ignores case when comparing the search string to lines in the
           file. 

           EXAMPLE: running "aLook -f cat" would return lines starting with
                    "CAT" as well as "cat"

      -t : The -t flag requires an additional argument in the form of a 
           terminating character. The search string is then truncated at the
           first occurrence of this character.

           EXAMPLE: running "aLook -t t catamaran" returns lines in the file
                    starting with the string "cat"

   It is important to note that aLook does not require a file to be specified.
   If the |file| argument is left blank, aLook searches the dictionary file
   /usr/share/dict/words. In this case, the -d and -f arguments are on by
   default.

RETURN VALUE
   aLook returns 0 if any number of lines in the file have been printed, 1
   if no lines in the file begin with the search string, or 2 if there is an
   error.

ERRORS
   Possible errors when running aLook include:

      -Improper specification of command line arguments, in which case aLook
       prints a usage message before exiting.

      -Failure to find the specified file in the current directory.

      -Failure to read the contents of the file into memory

